Added mobile-standards section, mobile alerting standards (#1)
HCA-Healthcare/Engineering: Mobile-Standards/mobile-alerting-and-sounds-standard.md

<!-- title:Mobile Alerting and Sounds Standard, description:Guidelines and standards on sounds being emitted from mobile devices at HCA.-->
# Mobile Alerting and Sounds Standard

This document is intended to set guidelines and standards on sounds being emitted from mobile devices at HCA.

## Non-Clinical Environment

> Sounds introduced into the non-clinical environment should augment the patient/clinician experience not disrupt it. When selecting sounds, one should ensure that it is appropriate for the goal of the sound alert, ringtone, or alarm. The sounds should be in alignment with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sounds introduced into the non-clinical environment should augment the user experience not disrupt it. When selecting sounds, one should ensure that it is appropriate for the goal of the sound alert, ringtone, or alarm. The sounds should be in alignment with the following:
```
